Docs: Add transformations doc link for What's New v9.2 (#65673)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v9-2.md

## Transformations: INNER JOINs

> [Transformations](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/) allow you to shape raw data from data sources, like metrics series or GitHub issues, into a format that's appropriate for the chosen visualization.
> We have extended the [Join transformation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/#join-by-field) to support INNER JOINs in addition to OUTER JOINs. These work similarly to SQL JOINs.

Reviewer: Changing these to relrefs

```suggestion
[Transformations]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/" >}}) allow you to shape raw data from data sources, like metrics series or GitHub issues, into a format that's appropriate for the chosen visualization.
We have extended the [Join transformation]({{< relref "../panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/#join-by-field" >}}) to support INNER JOINs in addition to OUTER JOINs. These work similarly to SQL JOINs.
```
